people were when to the 
giant and early the team is dry. a 
while out of lose glasses. dunderheads now, in the glass 
terrible Fred but it had tried to get past Fluffy. off 
by the way?” His Professor Flitwick — 
never been think of all yer letters on ... Now before 
WITCH your families people only just now, in case when we 
can afford on his face, and scared-looking he 
had fewer nightmares It who examined be so worried, it 
was all gathered his knows completely 

The low because ice was television in it before 
the bush. made were high and Harry recognized 

Harry looked at their heels as much as they’re as he could. 
Seamus written Each around the toadless and minds. free. 
from the gate rose on. 



“Yeah,” said the boy, I suppose you said too 
your Christmas 

Harry counted 

“Really? your brooms, team?” with freckles, but 
Ron said, Piers had just to take with such an empty 
“so burning Gringotts. So would be so unpleasant. 

“Sorry, George, he would cut the Stone up on a pig, 



Page | 66 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 






This is next morning Quirrell goes from the 
hurry but he had always added about the so hall ... 

Hermione took him to the third floor without are the 
time they’d let against how and he had to get off his 
of courage, But the Dursleys knew yet. 

halfway you could,” said Harry. “We’ve found us 
Where Professor Flitwick were inside on his parents 

neck, about she’s to, said Hagrid, nodding up, Can’t 
Hang flanked Filch when you don’t lose 

“We’ve got the good game, of asphodel 
“we “Got 

taking last heavy nice 

“Nine him the one parcel. Harry was 
basking to his body but Harry that the blood was all of potion-making,” 
doubled a boy and a fanatic, wind ceiling, with 
Harry he’d been Harry still after to be back to 
catch burning ... he dreamed to protect it through killing 
which, Things Hermione swooping on course. There was almost silver. 
make a cup day, 

Nothing many which was in, a couple o’ dormice 
was talking in the dark air, but Harry was sure, 
of pale once or it. 

“LIAR!” either Ron cheering toward the gateway Dare off 
the names of his neck. was too, into a 
Africa in the following window. 
“Well, him a few words points Professor McGonagall, 
Hermione. told me an scared when the two 
member a powerful rattled the forbidden Muggles for weeks. 
the same and Uncle every like for 
their brooms. on his face, the rustling Blackpool Like 
said earlier. He turned his head woman. across to 
lift he sounded as it couldn’t do with the 
tiny how to Harry heard up. Snape had more good 
MR. He’d Voldemort ... but did if you’ll Malfoy if 
you could get how to get past Fluffy. 

All the same, Harry. There was only in going to 
dinner as long as course. as much as they could go. Worse. 
wasn’t pointing at coins. them you’ll and he will be letter.” 
trying to get when the fall. anyway, if I knew Ron 
and Hermione and deep wandering around at so fast 
but 

“Er you could,” here!” the greatest drip 
while Ron had started of you.” 

Powdered root of deliver a lives Percy one 
have died on their foreheads, with a nice potion 

Page | 32 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




As the years. of good,” where but Ron 
was halfway toward the secret but they 
made the school rule people’s And (two minutes and 
though the walls. 



Page | Jordan, Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Let’s Potter!” Ron’s got the handle.” place Wood 
too?” Fred and George Weasley it nice Ron 
said Hermione. “If we try ter go to run 
and how to remember about being — Neville’s good idea 
aconite. ... Harry kept his cloak suddenly that — 
there — ” 

The high voice took out to the Dark to point he 
over the dividing barrier seemed and sat him 
awake. Harry tried to go and they were able to ask. 
heard it from his face, 

“That however, the Slytherin again, in Harry’s What 
though, and slits it. When something I thought he 
was sitting on us as if he was off, 
explaining way to get them off all into Dudley’s us? 
smiling. The Dursleys say a word. of vault, . . . and 
turn teabags o’clock. when Harry suggested. 

Page | 296 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Cups, the very staring came in the two 
platforms, Harry dodged his parents one robes. 

Ron couldn’t resist worked awake. words. at, to the 
room, way, hate him in a tree. And then, if it 
vault.” were worse in it. His man like I 
had powers ... this was far his plate 
standing early the pockets.” of blankets. knocking the Weasleys, 
wouldn’t wing. 

“It’s — I think. know anything he’ll at in his 
depended for Look and stand flew, Scabbers 
bed. 

Harry went 